README.md, before:

<!-- OOO we start.....make git and everething is working, i think that i will die from old before its start working.

## mil1-3

1. create new branch mil1 to start working. Start to work with mil 1 to 3, because they are similar.
 mil 1 create components 
 1 div with 2 div - 1st for input, 2nd - for output

 ## inputBox
 in input block mix everething and create array of Notes

 take data from input send in App then send in OutputBox

 ## OutputBox

broke somthing, cant find try somenew metods rewrite 5-6 times everithing now there is big balagan, show only 1st note


 !!!! note make array in aray when update, check with shay, u have no ideas use Array.isArray to open my array in one level- bad design -->

 Remake all, have problem with logic start work like it js project but there is react/

 just start to remake, make 1 mil wuth some elements of 2 and 3

 ## mil1

1. Create component - InputBox
add text area and save booton, after save save all in array noteArray
make output to list for notes

## mil2 
1. Create date saving in array when click on SaveButton
2. make date undestedouble
3. add delete button and deleteNote functhion 

## mil3 
1. create input for header and incluse it in saving
2. make delete button
3. make functhion that make allert if text area is empty

## mil 3.1
1. add autosize with using library

## mil 4
1. add component Mudul
2. using modul library makeModule
3. make choosing note what you cklick to another const and transmit to modal
4. with css make module in front of everething

Commit message:

i will refactoring app, making saves

README.md, after:

<!-- OOO we start.....make git and everething is working, i think that i will die from old before its start working.

## mil1-3

1. create new branch mil1 to start working. Start to work with mil 1 to 3, because they are similar.
 mil 1 create components 
 1 div with 2 div - 1st for input, 2nd - for output

 ## inputBox
 in input block mix everething and create array of Notes

 take data from input send in App then send in OutputBox

 ## OutputBox

broke somthing, cant find try somenew metods rewrite 5-6 times everithing now there is big balagan, show only 1st note


 !!!! note make array in aray when update, check with shay, u have no ideas use Array.isArray to open my array in one level- bad design -->

 Remake all, have problem with logic start work like it js project but there is react/

 just start to remake, make 1 mil wuth some elements of 2 and 3 mil

 ## mil1

1. Create component - InputBox
add text area and save booton, after save save all in array noteArray
make output to list for notes

## mil2 
1. Create date saving in array when click on SaveButton
2. make date undestedouble
3. add delete button and deleteNote functhion 

## mil3 
1. create input for header and incluse it in saving
2. make delete button
3. make functhion that make allert if text area is empty

## mil 3.1
1. add autosize with using library

## mil 4
1. add component Mudul
2. using modul library makeModule
3. make choosing note what you cklick to another const and transmit to modal
4. with css make module in front of everething

# mil 5
1. remake input as a component
2. put new component in module
3. put proms in to show text when call module
4. // rework save button to save changes
5. add new date in array when create object
6. // show date of change in array note
7. //when cklick delete button open modal window debug this
8. dont give user ability to chang textarea
9. //check const deleteNote(maybe should use metod filter)
 


 ## to do list
 to do list is list of functhions and methods that i use but hfve no clear understanding
 - !text.trim()
 - useReducer dont understand this i think this metod will help me...
